Hi guys.
And welcome back to this and happy course.
So now that we have bailed all CNN models for an LP we can start creating an instance of this model
and trading it of course.
So let's start by defining do you CNN Equals Capitol D.C. and end and give it the images is that it
needs.
So starting with vocab size then the dimension of the invading then the number of filters and the filters
equals in the filters.
Now let's give it the number of units in the FT forward's spots.
So f f in units equals capital F F in units the number of classes for all classification task.
So no classes.
And finally there's about rights equals dropouts rates.
Here are perfect.
So this has been defined.
Now we have to compile our models.
So it's the same thing as when we defined our model.
We have two cases that we have to handle so the first one is well I'm writing what I'm saying that if
the number of classes equals to that means that we have only one outputs that is supposed to be between
0 and 1.
In this case we will compile that that way.
So let's compile the list will be binary cross entropy.
So this is the standard loss when we do binary classification.
So when all output is just one number one number that is supposed to make the difference between two
classes.
Next the optimizer again will use a very strong the other one which is Adam and matrix.
So we will use the accuracy as a matrix with everything here is released on the order like we would
do this every time for binary classification.
Now the second.
Well let's just right.
Else for all the other cases.
And now we wanted to compile using this using this POS so sparse category we call cross entropy.
So again this is the last that we use when we have classes and that all outputs is made of a vector
of dimension n.
And the higher the number four dimension ie the higher the probability that the target class is the
class.
I same thing as before we will use the optimizer Adam and matrix will be the sparse categorical version
of accuracy so that's it.
Let's write out.
OK so we have compiled our model in our case we have two classes.
So this is this bar that has been combined compiled.
Now just before starting to train we will quickly create a check points.
So this is just a way to store our model.
Once it's trained so that we don't have to train everything from scratch when we want to use it later.
So we first start by defining a path which will be in all drive.
So on our personal drive so we don't lose the check points when we close our session or Google pull
up sessions.
Let's define it as for instance drive slash my drive slash projects.
CNN for an LP and see KPRC.
So of course you have to create this for the before in your google drive.
Then we create the C KPC objects by calling T F that train that check points check points and we give
it the model that we want to save.
Like this and finally you would create a manager for the checkpoint and for that we call T F train that
checkpoint manager would give it or checkpoint objects the path when we wanted to save it and the maximum
number of checkpoints that we want to keep.
Let's say.
1 We don't really want to.
Well I don't we want to keep history of all our checkpoints but you can if you want to of course.
And last but not least we would just check if there is already a checkpoint in our checkpoint path.
Of course you can skip this step if you want to start training from scratch but if you want to get your
last checkpoints you test if there is one by calling the security manager the latest checkpoints.
So if there is already a checkpoint.
This will not be known.
And thus the this if condition will be tweaked.
So here it's not equal to true but it's not known so if we'll consider it's true and let's call C KPC
the Restore security that restore C.K. P.T. and what we want to restore is C.K. Beatty manager that's
latest check point.
Here we are.
Let's just make sure that we know if we have a checkpoint that has been restored or not so let's prints
checkpoints as well checkpoint restored.
And here we are.
Let's run this.
We have all checkpoint manager that is we need to save the status of our model just after the training
training that we are going to do right now.
So let's simply call the fit method of our model and give it the train inputs the train levels the batch
size which is a global viable in our case.
And finally the number the number of Apex equals number e-books.
And here we are.
We just have finally to say that we wanted to well to save the checkpoints just after the training and
we can run its perfect seems to be running pretty fine.
We can see here the accuracy is increasing pretty fast.
That's good.
And the last bit is decreasing so everything seems to work pretty well.
Let's let it run for a few minutes or hours.
In the meantime go stretch your boots and grab a glass of water.
It's important when you stay all day on a chair in front of the computer.
So sell healthy and hydrated and I get you for the evaluation phase.
See you soon.